Problem:
	Create a program that acts as a menu and ordering device for a restaurant (Blues Deli). 
	The program should welcome the user to the deli, and then allow them to select from 5 items with prices listed. 
	The program shoud loop until the customer is done ordering. 
	After they have ordered, calculate their total, including a 7% sales tax. 
	After they have paid, the program should calculate change, if needed.
	If the customer does not enter enough money, prompt them to pay more.

Input:
	First Item Customer wants to order
	Additional Items Customer wants to order (infinate amount)
	Amount customer pays for their order


Output
	Welcome customer to Deli
	Menu item number one with price
	Menu item number two with price
	Menu item number three with price
	Menu item number four with price
	Menu item number five with price
	Option to complete order
	Loop of Menu Items Unless they Complete Order
	Total cost of items ordered (plus 7% sales tax)
	Prompt to add more money if they dont pay enough
	Amount of change if they pay too much
	Thank customer for eating at deli


Step-by-Step Solution:

	1. Welcome the user to deli.
	
	2. Output Menu item number one with price
	3. Output Menu item number two with price
	4. Output Menu item number three with price
	5. Output Menu item number four with price
	6. Output Menu item number five with price
	7. Output Option to complete order

	8. Store input (order) as type Int
	9. Output loop of menu unless they opt to complete order
	10. Output invalid selection if they dont choose valid selection (menu item or complete order)

	11. Output total cost of order (plus 7% sales tax) once they input value equal to "complete order" selection
	12. Prompt customer to enter amount paid
	13. Display amount of change if they enter amount higher than total
	14. Promt customer to pay more if amount they paid is less than total
	15. Continue looping if they dont enter enough money

	16. Thank customer for visiting deli
	17. Terminate the program.


	