Problem:
	Create a program/game that asks the user to enter their name and answer a series of questions, taunting the user if they enter the wrong answer. The questions include:
	What is the result of 2+2
	What is the result of 15%2 (remainder of dividing 15/2)
	What is the user's favorite color?
	Finally, what is ts the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?

Input:
	User's name (string)
	User's Answer to question 2+2 (integer)
	User's answer to question 15%2 (integer)
	User's answer to favorite color (string)
	User's answer to what is ts the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow? (integer)


Output
	What is the result of 2+2
	Taunt user and tell them they are cast into gorge of enternal peril if wrong.
	Tell user they are correct if correct

	What is the result of 15%2 (remainder of dividing 15/2)
	Taunt user and tell them they are cast into gorge of enternal peril if wrong.
	Tell user they are correct if correct

	What is the user's favorite color?
	Taunt user and tell them they are cast into gorge of enternal peril if wrong.
	Tell user they are correct if correct

	Finally, what is ts the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
	Taunt user and tell them they are cast into gorge of enternal peril if wrong.
	If answer correctly, tell them "I, I don't know that!" and then cast them into gorge of enternal peril, and notify them that they won the game.

Step-by-Step Solution:

	1. Welcome the user to my program.
	2. Tell User to enter their name.
	3. Store the user entered name as a string

	4. Ask user the answer to the question 2+2
	5. Store input as variable of type integer
	6. If user input does not equal 4, taunt them and cast them into gorge of enternal peril
	7. If user input equals 4, tell them they are correct and move to next question

	7. Ask user the answer to the question 15%2
	8. Store input as variable of type integer
	9. If user input does not equal 1, taunt them and cast them into gorge of enternal peril
	7. If user input equals 1, tell them they are correct and move to next question

	10. Ask user to enter their favorite color
	11. Store input as variable of type string
	12. If user input does not equal "blue" or "Blue" taunt them and cast them into gorge of enternal peril
	13. If user input equals blue or Blue, tell them they are correct and move to next question

	14. Ask user the answer to the question what is ts the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
	15. Store input as variable of type integer
	16. If user input does not equal 42, taunt them and cast them into gorge of enternal peril
	17. If user input equals 42 tell them "I, I don't know that!" and then cast them into gorge of enternal peril, and notify them that they won the game.

	18. Terminate the program.


	